Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
We're facing a big operation
and we're short on people like you.
Get down. now!
- Calm down. calm down. okay. okay.
They were kidnapped two kilometers
after they crossed the border into Syria.
We identified suspicious activity
in an abandoned Hezbollah camp.
I have a collaborator in the area
I can activate.
They're our soldiers in the field and they
need someone they trust.
Let's admit the truth. he's the one
who saved this operation in the end.
Let's bring him back.
Ahlan wa sahlan. Captain Ayoub.
- Dana. sweetie.
He's cute. your kid.
How old is he? Nine?
- Shut your mouth.
He's so young.
and he's growing up without a father...
Shut your mouth!
I knew your husband very well.
Beyond that I knew nothing.
And now that you know?
- I love him even more.
My husband is not a murderer.
You're the murderers.
Word of honor. as you people
say. but you need to talk.
I'm a proud Palestinian!
- You dog!
You're fake and all of this is fake.
Amir!
- No Amir and no bullshit.
The widow surprised me.
Turns out she's much stronger
than I thought.
That Ali Masrawi.
I don't like him at all.
I'm sure he's hiding something.
Keep an eye on him.
Independence Day
from the Zionist enemy is near.
All of this with your brothers and sisters
who are waiting for you
on the soil of Palestine.
We will lead the biggest operation
since "Al-Aqsa Flood."
Allahu Akbar!
- Allahu Akbar!
Welcome. Bon appétit.
Good morning.
Well done. - Good morning. hero.
- A morning of flowers.
My wife Amira baked homemade bread
especially for you.
Just for you.
Habibi.
Bon appétit. dear man. bon appétit.
- Thank you very much.
Bon appétit. girls. bon appétit.
Guys. these are the battalion fighters.
Bring him!
Bring him.
In the name of Allah. Allahu Akbar!
Surprise. brotherhood. and toughness.
These are the secrets of our great success.
Hassan.
Behind these plans
are many people and years of work.
and now the responsibility for their success
rests on you.
Obviously we can't carry out an attack
on the scale
of the "Al-Aqsa Flood" that we saw.
but our goal is clear.
to strike a strategic target
most sensitive to the Zionists
during their Independence Day celebrations.
We will train the fighters
on the tactics of the attack
until they memorize it by heart.
To achieve our goal.
we need to work together.
in coordination and without a single mistake.
Amir.
Will the forces in Israel join us?
They'll join us there.
And the target. what is it?
Amir.
Everything in its time.
Any more questions?
Well then. we're done.
You can go back to your work.
Pass the files along.
No one leaves with any document.
Ali. stay.
You too. Amir.
I wanted to make sure there's no issue
between us after the interrogations.
What's done is done. Abu Zaher.
Come.
Son of a bitch. son of a thousand whores.
Come with me to the bathroom.
No. no need.
Listen to me well. bro.
you need to start
pulling yourself together. understand?
I don't know how much time we have left
stuck in this shit.
but put a smile on your face.
They say October 7th to you.
you clap.
They say Jew to you.
you shout "slaughter."
It's not funny to me.
Come.
Wait a second.
Where's this from?
- From the catering guy.
Are you sure? - Yeah.
I think they want
to get us out.
We can't just bail out of here like this.
First we'll need to know
who's in Israel.
The whole operation is there in the cabinet.
The names. the contacts. everything.
They gave us
only some of the binders.
The barcode for the lock there
is on Hassan's phone.
Talk to Dana. tell her
to have them hack into his phone.
I don't know. bro.
- I don't get what there is to even debate.
The moment we bail out of here.
they'll activate all the terrorists in the country.
Do you understand that?
Dana.
Dana!
The target made contact.
He's communicating.
Kirsch. Naama.
Let's begin.
Doron. how are you?
He's writing. "They're planning
a huge attack on Independence Day.
a sensitive strategic target."
What's the target?
"Still classified."
Got it. First we'll extract you
and then we'll deal with this.
The extraction is tonight at ten
in the collaborator's food truck.
Our forces will go in after you leave.
He's writing. "This is a problem.
There are several cells already in Israel?"
Ya Rabb al-Alameen.
He's saying. "We have the ability
to obtain the information."
Ask him if he's sure about this.
He's writing. "Affirmative.
We just need the barcode for the safe.
It's on the phone
of one of the commanders at the camp."
Have them drop it. - Hold on a second.
- What "a second"? What. are you nuts?
Gabi. we have teams
that'll raid the camp and bring it.
The second the operation starts.
they'll destroy everything.
Yalla. Amir.
He needs an answer.
Listen. there are sleeper cells in the country
we have no idea about.
This will end in disaster.
I don't like this. - Me neither.
but that's how it is in our profession.
You have to choose between a small shit
and a big shit. - Exactly.
Let's go with it.
Write to him.
"Extraction postponed by 24 hours."
We'll work on the barcode.
Naama. - The discussion is over.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
Don't ever cut me off like that
in front of everyone.
especially not after I do everything
to bring you back here.
Tell me. have you gone crazy. Gabi?
Are you normal?
Sending them both
to operate like that without backup?
Right now what worries me more
is that there are several cells in the country
that God knows where they are.
We can arrest people in a raid
who'll talk. and you know that.
And if they don't?
You want that
on your head?
Dana. we located the device.
but there's a problem.
What's the problem?
- I can't break into it.
Because it's probably too old a model.
Gili. contact support
immediately. Send them the phone model.
Talk to Naama
to handle the authorization. - Done.
Hi.
Sit.
Thanks.
Are you drinking something?
- Yeah. I'll have a double espresso.
Oh. I brought you something.
Dark chocolate.
the way you like it.
I don't eat sugar anymore.
Thanks though.
Then for Michael.
- He doesn't eat dark chocolate.
Then just keep it for guests.
Cool. Thanks.
How's London? Treating you well. I
see.
No. it's just nonsense.
Yeah. well. I know.
Freezing cold.
Yeah. huh?
How... how's Michael?
He's great.
Yeah? - Yeah.
He's really grown
this year.
School is good for him.
Who would've believed it.
but the kid loves to learn.
It's probably your genes because I hated
school from day one.
To this day I don't know how to read.
I just told you I have a few minutes.
I need to go pick him up.
- Oh.
Yeah. sure.
Can we pay? - I. I'll pay.
it's fine. - Okay.
I'd offer to join.
but surely...
it's probably too much for him.
Yeah. a little.
Well... - I...
I just. I thought about us a lot
all this time and...
What do you say? Maybe we
could sit down sometime properly. like?
Have ourselves a little date?
- Steve.
No. not a date date.
A date like the old days.
of friends.
We'll sit. drink. eat something.
Maybe the alcohol will loosen something up.
I'm sorry. it's not...
It's not appropriate.
Sorry.
It's all fine.
Take care of yourself?
We're at war.
Remember what the sheikh said.
every child will become a soldier.
every old man was a soldier
and every woman will give birth to the next soldiers.
Remember.
you came here all the way from Europe.
to fight
for the Palestinian cause.
Let's go. fighters.
Take your positions.
Anne. take the guard on the right.
Amal. the guard on the left.
After you hit them. continue
right in. Don't give them a moment.
Ready. fire!
Come on. shoot.
Amal. stop!
What's going on? Is it jammed?
Give it to me.
It works. What's the problem?
I don't know.
What happened?
You saw a blonde girl
and started feeling pity for the enemy?
Did they pity Maher?
How many bullets did they put in him?
In his heart.
in his eyes. in his head.
and you pity them?
Maher the martyr is looking at you
and is ashamed.
You'll be surprised to discover what you're capable of.
Are you okay?
Do you need some time alone?
No. I need to kill
that son of a bitch.
I'm not thirsty.
The children were... too much for me.
I came here to fight soldiers.
with honor. but the children. I mean...
You don't have a problem with it?
I try not to think about it.
Well. I can't.
And I understand the boy will be a soldier
and the woman will be a soldier's mother.
but...
He's a child now.
And so. what? I won't shoot?
Have you ever killed anyone?
Yes. I have.
It's the worst thing
you can imagine.
It eats you up from the inside.
I think Maher's murder
shook me so much
that I saw only red.
I fought to come here.
to follow in his footsteps.
And when I'm so close
to doing it.
to actually doing it. I just...
I'm afraid.
Not that something will happen to me.
but that I'll do something
that I can't live with.
Can I offer you something?
But it has to stay between us.
Yeah. of course.
You don't have to do this.
If it doesn't feel right.
don't do it.
I can help you.
But you need to decide today.
Why today?
When I had this option.
no one stopped me.
I wish someone had.
I'll think about it.
Thanks.
Hey. Steve.
Good to see you.
What's up?
Come.
There's access to the phone.
- Excellent.
Extract every piece of data and everything on it.
There's more than one barcode.
Capture all of them
and we'll send them to Doron.
Come on. men!
Everyone out with weapons!
Yalla. dogs!
Abu Nizar. what happened?
- Don't know.
Full gear! To your positions!
Dogs. prepare for a breach!
Motherfucker.
Yes.
Goddammit.
Probably the gas canisters. as we expected.
Gather everyone immediately!
Everyone come here!
This explosion wasn't supposed to happen.
It's a result of lack of discipline.
When we find out who's responsible.
we'll settle the score with them.
Guards. go out on patrols
with Hassan and Alaa.
The rest go to your rooms. quietly.
Go!
Bro. it can't be opened. There's
a safe with a key inside the cabinet.
They put the binders in there.
Goddammit.
We need to get the key.
- No key. Khalas.
Extraction tomorrow. okay?
We keep a low profile. It's over.
Nothing's over.
- Eli. - It's not over. - It's over.
I'm going to update Dana.
Dana. Doron made contact.
What's going on?
The attempt failed.
The information is stored in a safe in the cabinet.
"Have the teams prepare breaching equipment."
Write to him "Got it."
We need an early extraction.
Eli is losing it.
Write to him. "Tomorrow we'll get you out.
In the meantime. watch over him."
We have to get them out of there.
What. you can't fall asleep either?
Oh boy. oh boy.
How I did not miss
these nights. phew.
Oy.
What?
No. I met with Anat today.
How was it?
Shit.
Eh. she just didn't like
my face. probably.
Did you talk?
Barely.
Man. I'd do anything
for her to give me another chance.
Did you tell her that? - Of course.
She didn't want to hear it. - Yeah? - Yeah.
Forget it. never mind.
There's no chance anyway.
You know.
after October 7th I turned upside down too.
And Anat put everything that was
between us aside.
I came back to sleep at home
and she took care of me and everything. and I...
And instead of realizing
what a woman I have.
I just took out on her
all the shit I had inside me
and she contained it all
until she'd had enough. of course. and I...
In short. the blowups of
a lifetime began
and then there was one evening
when I almost hit her.
What do I mean almost? She moved in a split second.
you know.
a second before my hand touched her.
And all of this in front of Michael.
That's it. and the next day I got
on a flight to London. I ran away from everything.
Goddammit.
Gali. I saw things there
that will never leave my head.
you know?
It doesn't erase from your mind.
For me it doesn't...
It sits there in my head.
Hagit and the kids
and Eli's look. it's...
I know.
I know. Steve.
Good morning.
How are you?
My back. bro. is really stiff.
Do you need something?
I need help in the evening to move
the pots to the truck. bro.
Around ten. something like that.
- No problem.
I'll come with my friend.
Feel better. - I'll wait for you.
Ali.
Ali?
How are you?
Okay.
Yalla. come with me.
Come. come.
Hello.
- Hello.
Hello. Anne.
May I take a moment of your time?
- Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
What happened yesterday at the shooting range
is bothering you. right?
It's natural.
If it were the opposite. that would be strange.
I heard what Abu Zaher
said to you.
I'm not in the habit of doing this.
but this time I must contradict him.
Maher is proud of you.
He's proud of the path you've taken so far.
Never let anyone speak
in a martyr's place. never.
Especially not someone who loved you
with all his heart.
Do you miss him?
Very much.
You'll meet again. you'll see.
Believe me.
A martyr lives forever.
To Westerners it sounds like a fairy tale.
like a story told to people
who are alive. to ease the pain of loss.
But I believe in it.
With all my heart.
His soul is among us.
It loves us
and protects us.
Thank you. Sheikh.
for telling me all this.
Keep training the way you're
training.
and pray with all your strength.
On Judgment Day an important role awaits you.
inshallah.
Anne.
You should know your husband
was my guardian angel.
My brother and I came to the city
after we fled from home.
Your husband welcomed us with a smile.
got us a warm bed and food.
The next day he already found my brother a job.
He was a rare man.
You're lucky.
Thank you.
Bro. you're worrying me.
You can tell you're lying.
You can tell you're troubled.
Something really is bothering me.
What? Today they extract us.
you know.
It's over. the story's over.
They'll destroy everything
the moment there's chaos here. - Or not.
Trust the system.
- The system?
The one that pulled me out of my home on October 7th?
The one that took that son of a bitch
who defiled my family
and instead of killing him. turned
him into a collaborator? - Calm down.
The system?
I stopped believing in the system.
It's just you and me. That's it.
Bro. you understand we can't
do this quietly. right?
It's either blow up the cabinet
or bring Abu Zaher himself there
and both cases are suicide.
Enough.
Khalas. how long have we been together?
Huh. Eli?
Balata '95. right?
I follow you everywhere.
I came all the way here. I got to Marseille.
All this shit. Enough.
Enough. bro.
Let it go.
Soon
you'll set out on a hard journey.
Not all of you will return from it.
A hard journey
like the climb to the summit of Everest.
On the way to Everest's summit there are hundreds
of bodies of people who froze to death.
You'll say. "Poor things. they failed."
And I tell you.
they did not fail.
They were privileged to give strength and meaning
to those who came after them.
You...
You are fortunate.
Because you've become symbols in history.
You will be blessed
with eternal peace in paradise
and be surrounded by your loved ones.
Allah Himself will greet you
at the entrance.
He'll open the door for you and say
to you.
welcome to your home.
martyrs of Al-Aqsa.
Allahu Akbar! - Allahu Akbar!
- Allahu Akbar! - Allahu Akbar!
"Praise be to Allah. Lord of the worlds.
the Most Gracious. the Most Merciful.
Master of the Day of Judgment..."
Masada from Barak. 60 seconds to touchdown.
This is Masada. copy.
Bella 1. the area is clear.
You can touch down.
Team Seagull crossed the border
and positioned south of the camp.
ready for a silent raid.
Time to target. 60 minutes.
Team Zakai is in position.
ready to receive the agents.
Uri? - We have two attack helicopters
ready for cover.
The Yasur helicopters will take off
on the order to go in.
Dana.
Okay. everyone.
begin moving to the target.
This is Team Bella. copy.
You're green-lit by us.
on the way to the target. over.
How are you feeling?
Okay. I think.
Thanks for the talk.
Did you think about my offer?
Yes. I think I'll just...
continue on my path.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I'll see you after the guard shift.
Ali. what happened?
Stop.
- What?
Okay.
Stop. - Okay.
No. move!
Move.
Open it.
Ali. calm down. - Open it.
you son of a bitch. Open it!
Yalla.
A free man's word is a debt.
You told me you'd bring
someone to help us.
My back is killing me.
Where is he?
He's on the way.
Give me a minute.
Wait here.
I'm going to get him.
Open it.
Open the safe.
- Okay. okay.
You dog. you...
My wife was named Hagit.
And her children
Libi and Ben.
May God avenge their blood.
Abu Zaher.
What are you doing?
What is this?
Put it up on my main screen.
What is this? Where's it coming from?
- It's coming from their phone.
What a bastard. This is the list of names.
This is all the plans.
Dana. incoming call from the collaborator.
- Put him through to me.
Miran?
Miran. do you hear me?
Chaos. there's chaos here. gunfire.
I have to get out of here.
- Miran!
Miran. wait.
what about our people?
I have to escape from here now.
He hung up.
Sudri. what's going on?
Get the teams flying there already!
Bella to Masada. copy.
we hear gunfire from the target.
I repeat.
we hear gunfire.
This is Bella. We're closing in
on the target. A few more minutes. over.
There. he's there.
Yalla. men. everyone out!
Anne. shoot. shoot.
Dana. incoming call. It's them.
- Put it through.
Eli. Doron. is everything okay?
Did you get what I sent?
We got it. yes. What's going on there?
What's this chaos?
Stop the sons of bitches. Dana.
Promise me.
Ali!
Anne. don't shoot!
There won't be another October 7th.
There won't be another October 7th!
We promise. Eli. we promise.
We're on the way.
Did you hear?
There won't be another October 7th!
Don't shoot!
Ali.
Eli. Eli. Eli. Eli.
Don't die on me.
Don't die on me. Eli.
My brother.
Don't die on me.
Thank you.
I'm not afraid.
Don't die on me. brother.
- I'm not afraid.
I'm not afraid. brother.
Now it's quiet.
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610